despite a not very summer time
the provincial hippodrome of blows fly
was full for his biggest appointment
you of the year the grand prize kymi
it's mainly around timoko
richard westerink québec brings together
laureates of books the fart that gets
focused Finnish attention
proud that they occur in their
country
plane trip home nice and
Finnish weekend but also 85000
euros are at stake
moving is attracting a good
race
first thing we were not
activities in rosemont is good
will allow for the horse as soon as they
take care of more but hey it's a
beautiful race as convincing
I tried to hang the little bit more
simple here that
and well fresh timoko obviously appears
to be the race horse but
the opposition and is doing mainly
commander twice laureate twice
kymi grand prix
the eternal young won both
races of the year associated with his
new robin bakker pilot held in
high esteem by fabrice souloy
it'll be a little more raised we see
to get a little bit big no depends
how true is the first
it was not so easy a cause
it works and two enemies of the size
record as the second it was
really easy so it was good for
him to get back into the bath do not have
so it's easy now
Today it is with a little bit
judgment of the cedh is able to
cure
his fate the horses parade in front of the
public and the match is announced between
the two french
robin bakker and commander cros take
the head and well couple comes quickly
placed timoko to his outside in the
last turning timoko looks tired
but it is only to better start again
timoko outdo themselves to get ahead
sketch commander finds a shape
magnificent
the southwestern horse picks up his
tenth group 1 the reduction
kilometer is not impressive
a May 13 the last meters were
very fast
a Greek born to the wind
he can do everything he can all that is
really phenomenon is not you from my
turn I lost I know what it is
why weather does not work too fast
and every hour it was good
the association provided by the coach
as early as April with the biggest
Swedish rigor is a huge success
four races for as many wins
a first in the grand prix kymi
for the gold helmet me I speak at it
makes a very good race
I am I was very happy then
not very happy for me I was
happy to be the first outside I
I'm not happy with the orders to miss
in the lead because as a very
good and before the race and win it
easily the last race and I
afraid to order in mind but art
is a great war the last season
m
my horse there just defeated commander
just before the finish with that because he has
won
with her keel had her head she did
a good job is there
very impressive we are very happy
to win this race it's his tenth
group 1 and that's important for its
elite stallion club career it was
great but here too is very good
it's amazing it's a dream
realizes at the top for more than two months
rich investing 1 who will try to keep
his champion in excellent form
the choice of his next commitment
is not done but he is already courted
by the organizers of san michele
alliot friend kelly
pending timoko will be present at
vincennes next sunday not for
run but to be rewarded for his
Nordic victories